>> Steve Kinney: The other thing we need
is an API, so again, looking at this AWS
mobile, we can see that cloud API
looks like a pretty good choice.
Cloud API again,
is API gateway over lambda.
Basically a http request hits the API
gateway, then that triggers off
the lambda and most likely the lambda
will then put something in Dynamo DB,
take something out of Dynamo DB,
update something, delete something.
So it's kind of all the way from our
client side app, fires the http request.
That hits the API gateway,
triggers a lambda.
The lambda does a thing.
Right, the best part is you
don't need to know any of that.
So, will do awsmobile cloud-api enable.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool.
Actually, I want to,
I went into prompt cuz I want it to
ask me about what I want it to do.
So I'm just going to real quick,
look at my awsmobile features.
>> Steve Kinney: I'm gonna turn
that one off and try again.
Nice part is I never deployed this code.
I never pushed it.
It was simply some configuration scenario
machine that I haven't done anything with.
So I made a booboo.
Guess what?
You can undo it really easily.
>> Steve Kinney: So we'll do --prompt.
>> Steve Kinney: All right,
so we have two options.
Create a new API.
What kind of API?
It doesn't really say, but this does
mean that you can do custom stuff.
If you have some other API that you want
to talk to, you need some service-side
code, because of course, or something
along those lines, you want some backend
code to talk to maybe a third-party API or
something along those lines.
You can just spin up a new API and
write the JavaScript, yourself,
to talk to that backend.
But if you have a database table that you
wan to work with, then you can simply say,
create CRUD API for
existing Amazon DynamoDB table, all right?
And because we're keeping all of our
configuration in code, it can look and
it can see what the actual tables
that we have available are for us.
So in this case,
we have the Grudges Table.
We do want to restrict
access to signed-in users.
Our database was previously restricted,
but our API wasn't, right?
So in this case, in order to not
get a forbidden from the API,
we're going to say,
you need to be signed in.
Cool, and its going ahead and
creating that for us.
>> Steve Kinney: That's
gonna take a few seconds.
So it does give you a way via the command
line to take the API for a spin.
This works better with
the unrestricted API's.
Because it's really I guess,
you can go get a user ID and
do it all on the command line here.
It's actually very tricky to do.
Even to be clear putting JSON in quotes,
and
then having double quotes on
the inside on the command line,
in the terminal as a one-liner,
it's all fairly difficult.
So I tend not to use this too much, but
let's actually look at
the AWS Mobile console again.
Let's see what we have with the cloud API.
>> Steve Kinney: We gotta
do an AWS Mobile push.
No one caught me on that one.
That was a test.
>> Steve Kinney: While that is loading,
let's go take a look at that NoSQL
database that was still spinning before.
We can go ahead and we can hit edit.
We can see it's private, we can also
see all of our different fields so
if you made some kind of mistake or
a typo in this case, you can go ahead and
fix it in the UI as well.
You can remove keys with that yes or
no question.
I'm like at a 25% chance that I either
forgot a field or I hit yes and
it's like what do you want
to call that extra field?
I'm like, nothing, I made a mistake.
And you can either Ctrl+C and
start all over again, or
you can give it some foo name and
delete it later.
Whatever, it's totally fine.
And basically, here you can see we
can find items with a user ID and
a given ID because we set that
as that secondary sort key.
Which is exactly what
we want at this point.
Cool, let's go check on this.
This is gone ahead, and it's created.
One of the things is, we'll take a look
at the code that got generated next, but
you can see the way it takes
an entire backend API, zips it and
sends it up to the Cloud.
Let's take a look.
This is just a server list node,
a server list is obviously someone
else's server just the way Cloud is
somebody else's computer.
So it's the same as server list per se.
But the idea that you don't have
to manage the server is awesome
because managing the server
is the literal worst.
Actually, writing forgot password
logic is the literal worse, but